Added algorithm/stable_partition (#595)
Bhupesh-V/30-seconds-of-cpp: algorithm/stable_partition.md

> # stable\_partition

Reviewer: Title has a typo

**Description :** This function is used to order elements such that leftmost elements evaluate the predicate as true and remaining elements are placed at the right hand side of the collection.

**Example** :

We can partition a vector to have pair integers at the left and odd ones at the right.

```cpp
#include <iostream>
#include <vector>
#include <algorithm>

int main() {
    std::vector<int> array{ 1, 3, 2, 4, 5, 8, 9, 2 };

>     // Partition the array in a pair and an odd part

Reviewer: I think you meant this ?
```suggestion
    // Partition the array in an even and odd pair
```

    stable_partition(array.begin(), array.end(), [](int val) {
            return val % 2 == 0;
        });

    for (auto val : array) {
        std::cout << val << " ";
    }

    std::cout << '\n';

    return 0;
}
```

> The output is :
> 
> ```
> 2 4 8 2 1 3 5 9
> ```

Reviewer: We don't require output here, the online demo is enough
```suggestion
```
